### HW1
The aim of this project is to feel about internet infrastructure and the delay effects. For that purpose you will choose ten different destination based on their geographical distances from the source point. You will use traceroute program to measure the delays from source to destination. You will repeat the test at four different days and for each day at three different time. For each setup you are supposed to repeat the measurements for a number of times such as 10, 20, ..100 and calculate the max, min and average of those measurements.
### HW2
This project is about Socket Programming. In this project, you are supposed to write a client and server application and communicate them using socket programming. The client application will contact to the server application using TCP protocol and upload a text file including student name, student number, course name to the server. The server will keep this information in a file. After the connection closed, the client will make a second connection to the server and download this text file. Then the client will compare the file already existing at the host device and the one downloaded. If they are the same, it will generate a report indicating successfull transmission of the message. Otherwise it will generate an error report.
### HW3
In this project you will design a graphics simulator for simulating TCP Protocol. The aim of the project is to simulate the working of reliable transport protocol starting from rdt1.0 to TCP according to the definition giving at the textbook. You will simulate rdt1.0, rdt2.0, rdt3.0 and TCP Protocols.

In this simulation you will divide the screen into four subsections. At the left upper corner, you will show Reliable Data Transfer Service Model as shown in Figure 3.8. At each step you will highlight the triggering function call. At the right upper corner, you will show corresponding state diagram action/events both for sender and receiver. At the left bottom corner, you will show operation sequence diagram of the message transfer as shown in Figure 3.16. Finally at the right bottom corner you will show command prompt to illustrate the commands and outputs of each command as should be shown at the screen.
### HW4
Project 4 will be related with implementation of routing algorithms. The program will run both Link State and Distance Vector Routing algorithms. You are supposed to create a network topology randomly based on the number of nodes given as an input by the program user runtime. Once the topology has been created the program will generate source-destination routes using both Distance Vector and Link State Routing algorithms one by one. The routes generated will be illustrated at the screeen on the given network topoloty. The forwarding tables should also be shown for each node either step by step or eventually according to the algorithm chosen. Finally the output should include forwarding tables, packet transmission delay (end-to-end) , total cost of the path chosen, run time of the algorithm, number of hop counts (end-to-end).
